Marco wider bam bam bam Tiger fitness
com here with your product review of see
that musclemeds amino decanate now I
have so much amino products because I am
pretty much into work out man now that's
my category damn if anybody says it's
not i will hurt but probably when I
can't fight I'll cry but anyway here is
Muslim ends amino decade I'm going to
over what's in this why to take this
would take this way to take this and up
and take it and it will not further ado
let's get into this your bubble of
sample pack that means we're cutting
down our budget as you know the country
going through Panama it's not our
attention we're going through some
financial issues so tired of fitness com
has cut back on a refuser down sample
packs because we broke like that not
explained like anyway here we go
amino decanate that sounds so drug like
for an amino product what is in this
product the anabolic 10 to 12 1 BC a
ratio Buddha mean and some amino acid
now we're going to go in and also you
got PE g eight thousand p EG 3350 and
decanoic acid which is the decade now
let's go into what the heck's going on
here now the anabolic 10 to 11 bc a
ratio I'll we've seen al Bailey and
he'll isoleucine I've seen for 2 1 i've
seen 821 mater BCA has eight to one now
there's couple theories on that and
despite risking industry people call me
out call me a bastard and not talking to
me and egging my house let's must be
real here is the cheapest of the three
amino acids l-leucine it is so by doing
the two to one to one ratio light guides
in formulations ice like extend your
formula costs more you have more
overhead most of the research is done to
21 21 now 10 to 12 one reason leucine as
your first ingredient costs a lot less
than a 22 wonder 18 21 and one costs a
little more for 211 cost more and to 101
costs the most so that's one reason
another reason they point you
scientifically there was one study that
showed that we've seen ingesting
actually led to higher plasma levels of
baleen and isoleucine and also you point
to the anecdotal fact that well um
theoretically if you have enough I see
we've seen avail in your diet you won't
have an imbalance of any sort but again
I'm going by research I I think to to
101 or even for 21 21 it is good um 10
or 11 is pushing a little bit for me why
even have the valine and isoleucine at
that point I don't know but that's
that's my opinion again I'm sure they
have valid research to back this up next
episode of Buddha me and that was five
grams anabolic bc double a blend which
we use that wall over on 4.5 grams of
that was uh was loosing so that only
gives you two point four oh yeah that
only gives you a point 25 milligrams
that's really I don't know about that
ratio
I don't know anyone oblivion is next at
five grams you have equal amounts of
glutamine and branch chains and then you
have 500 milligrams the critic or amino
acids now you're looking at one tooth
you're looking at damn near is seven or
eight amino acids at 500 milligrams I
don't think those are in a sufficient
amount to really do jack squat but I
like the factors whooshing in here and
glutamine there they're both awesome
they both show up your blood first
during training those are good as for
the decanate thing dude amino acids are
absorbed quite readily in the body the
research we did when I was at scivation
show 9,000 we masking and four and a
half pounds of fat loss a hyper caloric
diet in eight weeks I've never seen
anything equal that in the amino acid
market so I tend to go with the two to
one to one is my favorite because well
the research said so and I was there for
the research and I know it was a valid
study there was no funky stuff we didn't
put d bowl in the powder we didn't send
any funky lobe liner bats to them no it
was straight up we had 36 you we were
actually back here's a story we're back
ordered at the time all we had left was
36 large orange in the entire warehouse
that is what i sent for the study I
packed them myself personally so if you
say that anything was funky about the
study you put it on me and it's fine
I've been called worse many many times
and that's the agreed the decanate thing
again I don't think it's really gonna
add too much
who's going to take the mino dekha date
anybody looking to gain lean mass to
lose fat during training amino acids are
very very potent very strong the
question you need to ask yourself is you
know there's a lot of you know acid
products on the market which do you like
to taste up because you're drinking it
during your workout you don't want to
have to choke down something that tastes
like dog crap not the training system
but actually poop on the ground and
secondly is which one do you think has
the best science behind it but this is
an option definitely take a look at it
do your own research and decide for
yourself
when to take this during training taking
me to a Centauri training or throughout
the day as my good friend Lane Norton
did in this protein staff theory Lucy
between meals elevates protein synthesis
higher than your protein meals alone
actually do so I am going to tell you
that that's a good way to take it as
well very training and between males
side effects really nothing that I can
see here but see a doctor prior to diet
and any dietary supplement program and
of course if something starts to go
funky during that program be sure to see
them and hold those supplement usage
where do you buy a meno decanate by
musclemeds tiger fitness com your one
stop shop for all your health is eat
gold this is mark blow water tiger
fitness com